## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-qimhSkVWof5rfaFajQk8KAtzSRYyIArcJCMKWdDcNq34F4uplk08wmEyUiYLmO+3 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-5fESKgrRcGs7I/89bn7NKFcHyvIVcmQIG4JfCEAV5Rg5VVtskrmGkHVOIsD1642v /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-aZt7VNjEA1w4GeGPtZOPocoO/e6oIc9bMjNlN0GMXRkOoTMaEM2FCq4B6GkHANht /es/languages/diff.js
sha384-3J9ZKxCAysZ+DowS+TRZQFLDNVJwRq0pxq9t/JYsuFRmBSwgvJrbRDH4Av46yJft /es/languages/diff.min.js
sha384-8+x0somIBps1EZqOmOJH10vpzi+ZV5gWglDGtuGId33xzYozc4vqreUgzN/9Oka5 /es/languages/fsharp.js
sha384-RwyqgvGLMtAbdxb0JwJS46Hs0xvJDJ7ZhVOBb7vaGQOxJVPL9LYfT7FE10EgHGus /es/languages/fsharp.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-NkACruoAWMxpbP3nK3uWg9ZkJo9tV8u35exn0RHpUEoG2Xk4e9PgH6YoFXx6SGzM /es/languages/ocaml.js
sha384-crG9/szkNiDEO5kEofdhAugXK4heD4+rVymcFWdMD2zju1jMnmwj0+zRbryhqS7P /es/languages/ocaml.min.js
sha384-8aLAoO/YSb+fhxwbMNNuUeq3x/FJJvtLwRq9nYpoyy4j85IpQURkoRySqJHBFlwu /es/languages/powershell.js
sha384-LA+GHsDHAleSQDZ+9MEiJmTnrJ392Nkux5b1RIiGmzAkRo+4dwKsjS0z/pzCXIFr /es/languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-Blm/RpTi15HpdenfAja/zwDDJ6bBmIoAsFgHcNpw4u+DqKFZEpB67DIa2A1NXtZf /es/languages/ruby.js
sha384-INdPgGNAH51T3uWXoaYVa0ag70hxlbvjTlhyLicF3SuuG0BVuycs/GrFGi7gt/8a /es/languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-WHdxyD51Y+ytDdcYGVkKHQOThUwwhLl/1GvZxHTHL4ImI4NS32L/B8bvB/1zN/Mk /languages/c.js
sha384-jtwnwOYA+K4zYN55fA4z4U0PTK5oEp4RcLYaXkYRKO3UUzge1o21ArmvKmTRdh/d /languages/c.min.js
sha384-ptbaKMqucgUUAhyaQfodHtSDpTA0AAoyGZZqos59ECIdi1qKRnUZcLOxMkZaxkul /languages/diff.js
sha384-IZ99gU0P2i3O8itOlz4exVdl6lGFAgj7zq4hgyoe29bt1KyJykBSCxdH8ubn3DSk /languages/diff.min.js
sha384-3yn52MUDmkYUMfQve8G9PIMJb+OT2CCM97H3VinYelUgdRItYf1DfkxtQ8vbMHS+ /languages/fsharp.js
sha384-nYNTSA4nfVQ5esuMpVP111sGLunWJMnBXsYufX4ExWifybw5u48EAUxr+SsgIowR /languages/fsharp.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-dRCbGDspfGuNKCQw2l0ng9m7DLitN+3IsbQo4rsb2vSS9URhm2G3U2h1E6knjfyi /languages/ocaml.js
sha384-aFCHrYMEyAT2T8i9tOfudmHsGqppJfwRKg8n8hbAMVPV9NfdCCtdw9DFBWd/xr8O /languages/ocaml.min.js
sha384-/AFMsGSWoas65G5mSpnY9M1vnVP/9qhQW9yGZCpgbuL36JxWKX6MABh2hj6pc4yV /languages/powershell.js
sha384-0u0NM3ve01ej9h9zRzZ/ztDGe1h07d6TStpNoJ4f/50I/vtoCsDHI2PfzDZSYz8q /languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-nHCt5/kJd7LUp6BbVLNuUH0zziFVRS2Qqj9whqRpVpgzybI61OZlKQRPv4evHrJO /languages/ruby.js
sha384-LOFdRHZ5u+oZg5Wh8DpkiJQR/w8egcUhJJoo95XVQ846DEwuRxGUujx+tQKyqXme /languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-TOP2MZSxX6CU6ZGtJ640HLOgStgs9dHUqYrszYXYOZJ/pB9Y7KLRIGDCLyzUce7O /highlight.js
sha384-x4JHAUSFsTcFtKv56pxDtoSo+B++kRa59fkDfDxIV71J06/eZoSJIFTA//QhwXaN /highlight.min.js
```

